welcome to thriller recapped today i will show
you an american science fiction time travel film
called shuffle spoilers ahead watch out and
take care this movie is about a man called
lovell milo who is suffering with narcolepsy
a condition related to nervous system where
a person experiences excessive daytime sleepiness
and their daily activities are affected by it the
movie starts with milo he tells his psychiatrist
that he wakes up every day at a different age
in a different year in a different day of his life
sometimes he is 28 sometimes he wakes up very old
he says that he does not know when all this
began but he is able to recall people that
he meets perfectly he can feel things then the
psychiatrist asks him if he consumes any type
of substances which he says he is not sure she
asks him to remember the first thing that he can
he starts with when he woke up two
years in future at the age of 30.
he wakes up as a wedding photographer a lady tries
to talk to him but he is not a simp and says he
does not want any kids the second time he recalls
one morning when he woke up at the age of 92.
the third time he wakes up very young and he
picks his camera and starts taking pictures of
everything he then bumps into a girl called grace
she tries to talk to him but is not a simp and
says he is not interested the fourth time he wakes
up at the age of 21 and gets a call from grace
she yells at him and reminds him that he has the
biggest photography meeting of his life today she
then gives him a ride to the meeting arriving at
the venue he waits and waits but nobody shows up
later she takes him to a restaurant to
cheer him up to cheer him further she
shows the manager the portfolio of milo and
he is impressed and buys one picture for 100
both are happy then he starts falling
asleep he then wakes up in middle of
a hormone exchange session and the girls
is offended by him falling asleep on her
later he goes to psychiatrist and realizes
he woke up two more years in future this time
he then goes to a church and prays
to god for asking all this to stop
he then wakes up in a wedding and a little
girl tells him that he is given a present
and he is asking to take it away she says this
is the only way he will learn he then tries to
do research about his condition and learns more
and more about it also decides to make a plan
to stay awake with some pills his dad uses however
he eventually falls asleep and next morning
the nightstand girl shows up and reveals to him
that she is pregnant he denies the responsibility
on the way to home he falls
asleep and is hit by a car
he then wakes up on bed with grace this time
and finds out they're engaged in the party she
tells everyone that she loved this dummy from
day one and she will take care of him always
he then wakes up in a time alone in the
bed and there is no sign of grace anywhere
he then starts looking for his wife and
her phone number is no longer existing
he then realizes that his wife might be dead and
he must save her he then falls asleep and wakes
up as a kid and runs to meet grace upon meeting
her he suggests that they should visit a doctor
later arriving at the clinic he finds out that
his dad is the doctor he suggests that grace might
need a checkup his father then tells him that
her family needs to make an appointment and then
only he can do anything about it he only checks
critical cases without appointment milo apologizes
he says to himself that being 10 is useless a
nurse corrects him and tells him that his gift
is not a mistake and he needs to pay attention
at the dinner he notices that his father has the
same condition he takes his picture his father
wakes up and aggressively breaks the film of it
grace confronts him and bravely tells him that
milo's pictures are better than most of the people
later that night milo overhears them
talking about his dad's condition
he suspects his dad and in every
timeline he sneaks on his dad
and tries to find a connection
between his dad and grace's death
one day he wakes up at the age of 26 and
realizes this might be the day she dies
later at the dinner milo's dad suggests that
he wants a grandchild grace rages up and leaves
milo's mom reveals that grace cannot have babies
since she is diagnosed with a rare condition
later a lady named linda brings grace back to home
by saying she found her drunk and grace tells milo
that he should find someone else maybe like that
lady who can give them a baby he tells her he only
loves her and is lucky to have her one night myla
wakes up with a call from grace they meet to put
her dog down who's suffering from of cancer
in this age they are not dating yet he tells
her how people see good moments of their life
before dying and her dog might have pictured her
upon hearing that she kisses him and confesses
her love to him next morning he wakes up in
a time around of christmas he senses that she
died around christmas so he drives very slowly
they meet his family and his dad says he has
somewhere else to be and complains about it
and then he falls asleep upon arriving at the
home grace wants to go for a walk we see milo's
dad falling asleep the next block she fails
and milo checks her veins she then kisses him
later we see her taking a lead and run and she
gets hit by a car they take her to hospital
in meantime they are calling his dad since
he's a doctor but he is sleeping and grace dies
later his dad wakes up but it's too late
and his family mourns her grace's death
milo confronts his dad and asks him about his
whereabouts he finds out that his dad fell
asleep and he then breaks down he goes to the
developing room and holds the pictures of grace
the next day his dad apologizes to him but milo
says he never wants to see him and walks away
at this point milo promises himself
that he will never have kids
so that his kids won't suffer like the way he
did and that he will never be like his dad either
he sits in the room and tells himself
it's all useless and it is over
a lady on the tv says it's not over
yet and keep paying attention dummy
the next morning he wakes up a long
after the events of grace's death
and he has a reputable job now he starts
driving and sees a note with an address
upon arrival he notices the one night stan woman
she tells him to go away and that she decided to
keep the baby and his son knows about everything
later he sneaks on his son kevin and meets one of
the teachers at school he learns that his son
is a singer and his son loves animals a lot
he then confronts him and compliments
him about the voice and talent
however the parents show up they rage up at milo
and his adoptive father gives him a superman punch
milo then sits in the rain and asks for another
chance to god as he mourns about everything
the rain stops and he is at the time where
he crashed his car earlier and grace says
hey dummy she recalls what myla said earlier
that when you're near your death the moments
flashes up in front of you and she reveals
that it was all along her behind everything
the little kid the nurse and the lady in the
tv she corrects milo that he wasn't meant to
save her at all but himself from what
happened she reminds him that he is not
alone and he wakes up right after his car crash
mourning of what he witnessed six years later
he has an art gallery now it's called stop time
he gets to his home and now he has two kids
further he is now married to the same person linda
that assisted drunk race to home few years ago
he then talks to his son and unfortunately
he falls asleep on top of his son
causing some injuries milo apologizes to his
son and then goes to the doctor to thank him
only to find out that the doctor is his dad and
comes across his office filled of pictures that
milo took they talk a bit and milo invites him
to meet his family they all are happy and then
they take a group picture and milo wakes up 92
years old he recalls all the moment of his life
his life as a kid where he was fond
of taking pictures of everything
his life as a teenager with grace his youth when
he spent time with grace and was married to her
the time he spent with linda his son
graduating the demise of linda and he
closes his eyes as he takes the last breath
of his life saying he had a hell of a life
thinking of grace and her dog then the movie
ends let me know in the comments what would
you have done in his shoes and please like
and subscribe it really helps the channel